On a windy day, a boy roamed the streets of a city. The city had known 
laughter and joy just a few days ago. What had happened? Who knows?
All that stands is the mystic dust that flies around. The deadly dust that 
settles into the city's existence. The deadly silence is piercing and 
unbearable, and yet he treaded on. A scrap of metal sways and then falls 
down in the junkyard. He looks up to his horse and then his fellow bard.
They nod in agreement that the city they had known was now just in ruins just
like their souls.

As they continued to wander the streets the only thing filling the void was 
the whistling of the wind in their ears. Eventually they came upon what used to
be the local deli. The rumbling of their stomachs could barely be heard under
the wind. They tied their horse, Jim-Bob, up to the ruins of a street sign and
went in to scavenge for food. Sifting through piles of debry, they were able to
find scraps of food that they promptly stuffed up under the scarves that 
covered their mouths. Once they had filled up for themselves and found some
food for Jim-Bob, they worked their way back through the wreckage to get 
outside. When they stepped back into the light of day, the wind seemed to be 
louder than before, and Jim-Bob was gone. His rope had be cut. They weren't as
alone as they thought.

Startled by the loss of their horse, they experienced a moment of panic. Jim-Bob had been with them for years. They had learned to depend on him, and he on them. But they had too much experience to fully panic. They knew that others had lost much more than a horse. Of course, they would give their all to get Jim-Bob back. But, more importantly, they knew there were others, and it had been years since they had seen another human being. As the bards looked around, they found faint hoof prints in the dusty road, leading deeper into the city. The bards closely followed the tracks, one watching the road, the other watching for danger. As they passed deeper into the city, the road became narrower, more claustrophobic, as the buildings grew taller and closer together. They began to hear movement around them, small click clacks, perhaps even footsteps. Eventaully, the buildings opened on a town square with an ornate fountain in the middle. But then, the tracks disappeared. They had nothing more to follow, nothing more to guide their path. Countless side streets went off at every angle, each as likely to be the wrong path as the others. Just then, as the bards nearly decided to cut their losses, they began to hear chanting. It first began as a murmur, but then grew larger and more overpowering. The sound came from all sides, shaking the ground underneath their feet. They were, without a doubt, trapped.

Within less than a minute, they were completely surrounded by almost thousand horses. Not only on the road, those horses also filled up the previously-empty buildings around them as they can see through the dusty windows. Uncomfortable silence remained for some minutes while the bards were slowly taking a good grip on their fireguns and axes that they had prepared for this situation. Suddenly, the horses, both on the buildings and the road, looked back, bowed someone behind them, and immediately but silently sat down on the ground, creating more confusion to the bards. That object was approaching closer and closer while they were aiming their guns toward that object. As it came closer, they could finally see what exactly they were encountering and could not believe in their eyes. It was Jim-Bob. What actually their horse had become?
The mutant horse was transforming himself His chakra was glowing blue.The horse had opened the fifth gate. The enemy summoned a rasengan and attacked the horse. the jorse in return responded with shock jitsu. The power
created a mini tsunami that swept over the city. The battle intensified as the bard and the witcher watched it from a distance while eating popcorn.
